First draft of 1.34.1 announcement (#380)
rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org: posts/2019-04-25-Rust-1.34.1.md

---
layout: post
title: "Announcing Rust 1.34.1"
author: The Rust Release Team
release: true
---

The Rust team is happy to announce a new version of Rust, 1.34.1, and a new version of rustup, 1.18.1.
Rust is a programming language that is empowering everyone to build reliable and efficient software.

If you have a previous version of Rust installed via rustup,
getting Rust 1.34.1 and rustup 1.18.1 is as easy as:

```console

> $ rustup update stable

Reviewer: I don't think this updates rustup, for that you need to run without arguments.

Maybe add another line with `rustup self update`?

Author: I thought the same but @pietroalbini checked this.

Reviewer 2: Rustup automatically self-updates on any update unless `--no-self-update` is passed :D  (Feature as of 1.17.0)

Reviewer: Ah I see, the rustup 1.17.0 CLI help doesn't make this very clear

```rust
dependencies.iter().filter(|dep| dep.required());
```

Clippy erronously suggested `.filter(Dependency::required)`,
which is rejected by the compiler due to the difference in borrows.

### False positive in `clippy::missing_const_for_fn`

Another false positive in the `missing_const_for_fn` lint was [fixed](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/pull/3844).
This lint did not take into account that functions inside `trait` implementations cannot be `const fn`s.
For example, when given the following snippet, the lint would trigger:

```rust
#[derive(PartialEq, Eq)] // warning: this could be a const_fn
struct Point(isize, isize);

impl std::ops::Add for Point {
    type Output = Self;

    fn add(self, other: Self) -> Self { // warning: this could be a const_fn
        Point(self.0 + other.0, self.1 + other.1)
    }
}
```

## What's new in rustup 1.18.1

[a regression]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rustup.rs/issues/1794
[full release notes]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rustup.rs/blob/stable/CHANGELOG.md#1181---2019-04-25

A recent rustup release, 1.18.0, introduced [a regression] that prevented installing Rust through the shell script on older platforms.

> A patch was released that fixes the issue, avoiding to force TLSv2 on the platforms that don't support it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A patch was released that fixes the issue, avoiding to force TLS v1.2 on the platforms that don't support it.
```
